ah
okay
putting on some place cream sherbet and
ice cream mix I think I've had it before
that's a big thick waffle with a lot of
whipped cream
does that chuckle
chuckles aw
chocolate sauce is our friend
tacos my chain rule
take out
duh
the third is
that right there is a glorious
caloric overload
I got Sumida
I just finished a walk through Jung Joos
on Park which is where Busan towers and
I just bought this bad boy here this
waffle sundae sandwich this is not like
the normal speed by at the courts down
some of my old students are walking by
I'm walking into all my students here
and this has strawberry ice cream cream
it's very sweet
try to balance the camera between my
legs I have my legs crossed so I can eat
this all right if you can see this
this is a giant mess of a sandwich and
I'm gonna try and take a bite out of it
concise style
I want to say it's a blueberry
there's some flavoring it tastes like a
blueberries type of waffle
y'all
no doubt
that I am probably covered in whipped
cream or
I scream
if you have a mouth big enough to take
us a proper bite out of this
you're probably a monster you need a
flip-top head
waffle is really huge
so like a little divots in it our big
divots the one that you buy on the
street
they're just barely putting a skim of
whipped cream on the thing like I had in
my last video
look because these divots are so deep
Oh
you get a lot more whip cream in there
it's a good shot of how much whipped
cream there is in here
this is really good
if you don't mind weighing 500 pounds
after about six months of eating these
it's really not a bad way to go
I think I would have preferred it if
there was a little more chocolate sauce
on there
so that the chocolate sauce could mix
with the whipped cream you can see one
of my hands is completely covering
whipped cream and ice cream
but it's all good
last bite
all right that's all she wrote waffle
ice cream with sandwich next that face